development.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.png" width="390"/>
  <div>&nbsp;</div>

[![Organization](https://img.shields.io/badge/Organization-PKU--Alignment-blue)](https://github.com/PKU-Alignment) [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PKU-Alignment/eval-anything?label=license)](#license)



[📘Benchmark List](#Tasks-and-Datasets) | 
[🛠️Quick Start](#Quick-Start) | 
[💡Contributing a New Benchmark](#Contributing-a-New-Benchmark) | 
[🤔Reporting Issues](#Reporting-Issues)

</div>

# Introduction

**Eval-anything** aims to track the performance of all modality large models (any-to-any models) on safety tasks and evaluate their true capabilities.

* **Datasets**

  - **Self-developed Dataset**: A dataset specifically designed for assessing all-modality safety of large models.

  - **Integration of Over 50 Open-source Datasets**: Diverse data sources for comprehensive safety assessment.

  - **Five Core Evaluation Dimensions** with 35 sub-dimensions.

- **Embodied Safety Evaluation Framework:**
  - **Covering Various Modality Evaluations**: Text, image, video, speech, and action.
  - **Defining Major Task Categories in Embodied Safety**: Corner cases, blind spots, fragile collections, critical points, and dangerous equipment.
  - **Proposing Major Goals of Embodied Safety Evaluation**: Execution safety, long-range trajectory safety, and hardware safety.

* **Platform Integration**
  - Eval-anything seamlessly integrates with [FlagEval](https://flageval.baai.ac.cn/) to enhance assessment effectiveness.

# Contents

[Introduction](#Introduction)

[Contents](#Contents)

[Tasks and Datasets](#Tasks-and-Datasets)

[Quick Start](#Quick-Start)

[Contributing a New Bench](#Contributing-a-New-Bench)

[Reporting Issues](#Reporting-Issues)

[Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)



# Tasks and Datasets

# Quick Start

* Step1: Install `eval-anything` by:

  ```bash
  pip install -e .
  conda create -n eval-anything python==3.11
  ```

* Step2: Set up [configuration files](eval_anything/configs/evaluate.yaml).

* Step3: Run the evaluation task by:

  ```bash
  bash scripts/run.sh
  ```

## Running VLA Benchmarks

1. Configuring `objaverse`

```bash
python -m objathor.dataset.download_annotations --version 2023_07_28 --path /path/to/objaverse_assets
python -m objathor.dataset.download_assets --version 2023_07_28 --path /path/to/objaverse_assets
```

2. Configuring `house`

```bash
python scripts/download_objaverse_houses.py --save_dir /path/to/objaverse_houses --subset val
```

or

```bash
python scripts/download_objaverse_houses.py --save_dir /path/to/objaverse_houses --subset train
```

3. Downloading Datasets

```bash
python scripts/download_dataset.py --save_dir /path/to/dataset
```

4. Configuring Environments

```bash
pip install -e .[vla]
pip install --extra-index-url https://ai2thor-pypi.allenai.org ai2thor==0+966bd7758586e05d18f6181f459c0e90ba318bec
pip install -e "git+https://github.com/allenai/allenact.git@d055fc9d4533f086e0340fe0a838ed42c28d932e#egg=allenact&subdirectory=allenact" --no-deps
pip install -e "git+https://github.com/allenai/allenact.git@d055fc9d4533f086e0340fe0a838ed42c28d932e#egg=allenact_plugins[all]&subdirectory=allenact_plugins" --no-deps
```

5. Running tasks

```bash
bash scripts/run_vla.sh
```

# Contributing a New Bench

We are accepting PRs for new benchmarks. Please read the [development document]() carefully before you contribute your benchmark.

# Reporting Issues

If you have any questions in the process of using align-anything, don't hesitate to ask your questions on [the GitHub issue page](https://github.com/PKU-Alignment/eval-anything/issues/new/choose), we will reply to you in 2-3 working days.

# Acknowledgements

This repository benefits from multiple open-source projects. Thanks for their wonderful works and their efforts for promoting the LLM research. 

This work is supported by the Beijing Academy of Artificial Intelligence, Peking University and Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications.

Commit message:

Support Eval-anything on Huawei Ascend NPU

development.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo.png" width="390"/>
  <div>&nbsp;</div>

[![Organization](https://img.shields.io/badge/Organization-PKU--Alignment-blue)](https://github.com/PKU-Alignment) [![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PKU-Alignment/eval-anything?label=license)](#license)



[📘Benchmark List](#Tasks-and-Datasets) | 
[🛠️Quick Start](#Quick-Start) | 
[💡Contributing a New Benchmark](#Contributing-a-New-Benchmark) | 
[🤔Reporting Issues](#Reporting-Issues)

</div>

# Introduction

**Eval-anything** aims to track the performance of all modality large models (any-to-any models) on safety tasks and evaluate their true capabilities.

* **Datasets**

  - **Self-developed Dataset**: A dataset specifically designed for assessing all-modality safety of large models.

  - **Integration of Over 50 Open-source Datasets**: Diverse data sources for comprehensive safety assessment.

  - **Five Core Evaluation Dimensions** with 35 sub-dimensions.

- **Embodied Safety Evaluation Framework:**
  - **Covering Various Modality Evaluations**: Text, image, video, speech, and action.
  - **Defining Major Task Categories in Embodied Safety**: Corner cases, blind spots, fragile collections, critical points, and dangerous equipment.
  - **Proposing Major Goals of Embodied Safety Evaluation**: Execution safety, long-range trajectory safety, and hardware safety.

* **Platform Integration**
  - Eval-anything seamlessly integrates with [FlagEval](https://flageval.baai.ac.cn/) to enhance assessment effectiveness.

# Contents

[Introduction](#Introduction)

[Contents](#Contents)

[Tasks and Datasets](#Tasks-and-Datasets)

[Quick Start](#Quick-Start)

[Contributing a New Bench](#Contributing-a-New-Bench)

[Reporting Issues](#Reporting-Issues)

[Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)



# Tasks and Datasets

# Quick Start

* Step1: Install `eval-anything` by:

  ```bash
  pip install -e .
  conda create -n eval-anything python==3.11
  ```

* Step2: Set up [configuration files](eval_anything/configs/evaluate.yaml).

* Step3: Run the evaluation task by:

  ```bash
  bash scripts/run.sh
  ```

## Running On Huawei Ascend NPU
You can build on Huawei Ascend NPU by simply:
 ```bash
  pip install -e .[ascend]
  ```
The current test environment for Ascend is:

* Python 3.10.6
* CANN 8.0.rc3
* Architecture: aarch64
* Hardware: 8x Ascend-SNT9B ARM (192 cores, 1536GB memory)

## Running VLA Benchmarks

1. Configuring `objaverse`

```bash
python -m objathor.dataset.download_annotations --version 2023_07_28 --path /path/to/objaverse_assets
python -m objathor.dataset.download_assets --version 2023_07_28 --path /path/to/objaverse_assets
```

2. Configuring `house`

```bash
python scripts/download_objaverse_houses.py --save_dir /path/to/objaverse_houses --subset val
```

or

```bash
python scripts/download_objaverse_houses.py --save_dir /path/to/objaverse_houses --subset train
```

3. Downloading Datasets

```bash
python scripts/download_dataset.py --save_dir /path/to/dataset
```

4. Configuring Environments

```bash
pip install -e .[vla]
pip install --extra-index-url https://ai2thor-pypi.allenai.org ai2thor==0+966bd7758586e05d18f6181f459c0e90ba318bec
pip install -e "git+https://github.com/allenai/allenact.git@d055fc9d4533f086e0340fe0a838ed42c28d932e#egg=allenact&subdirectory=allenact" --no-deps
pip install -e "git+https://github.com/allenai/allenact.git@d055fc9d4533f086e0340fe0a838ed42c28d932e#egg=allenact_plugins[all]&subdirectory=allenact_plugins" --no-deps
```

5. Running tasks

```bash
bash scripts/run_vla.sh
```

# Contributing a New Bench

We are accepting PRs for new benchmarks. Please read the [development document]() carefully before you contribute your benchmark.

# Reporting Issues

If you have any questions in the process of using align-anything, don't hesitate to ask your questions on [the GitHub issue page](https://github.com/PKU-Alignment/eval-anything/issues/new/choose), we will reply to you in 2-3 working days.

# Acknowledgements

This repository benefits from multiple open-source projects. Thanks for their wonderful works and their efforts for promoting the LLM research. 

This work is supported by the Beijing Academy of Artificial Intelligence, Peking University and Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications.
